# PRIVACY-PRESERVATION-OF-GRAPH-DATASETS-IN-SOCIAL-NETWORKS-USING-K-ANONYMITY

This is a implementation of the paper [## Graph partition based privacy-preserving scheme in social networks](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S1084804521002150#:~:text=The%20proposed%20GPPS%20preserves%20users,the%20accuracy%20of%20node%20clustering.).

##ABSTRCT

As social networks evolve, more and more data about users is released on social platforms such as Facebook, and WeChat in the form of social graphs. Without efficient anonymization, graph data publishing will result in serious privacy leakage of users. For example, malicious attackers may launch a 1-neighborhood graph attack on targets, assuming that attackers can make sense of 1-hop neighbours and their connections, permitting targets to be re-identified in anonymous social graphs. Unfortunately, as a user's social network expands, privacy settings are frequently insufficient to protect the user's profile. Many privacy-reserving solutions have recently been proposed to safeguard users' data available on Social Networks from prying eyes. However, the current literature appears to lack a systematic overview of the research dynamics of Social Networks privacy and findings of the most recent privacy-preserving approaches from a broader perspective. To counteract such attacks, we propose GPPS, a Graph Partition-based Privacy preserving Scheme, in social networks to enhance social graph anonymization. The proposed GPPS protects users' identities through k-anonymity, which is achieved through node clustering and graph modification. To enhance the precision and accuracy of node clustering, we introduce degree-based graph entropy in the similarity matrix calculation. The graph is then altered to achieve k-anonymity for users while significantly reducing graph information loss. The results of the experiments demonstrate that the proposed GPPS is efficient and effective on both synthetic and real data sets. These datasets originate from various fields, such as Facebook from online social networks and HepTH from citation networks.

### DOI : https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jnca.2021.103214
